Worst CS professor you’ve had off the top of your head. Go
I’ll start Roya Hosseini - Operating Systems such an important class and she just read slides word for word then couldn’t answer basic questions on her own slides.

Tushara Sadasivuni - Software Development
Comes late and reads off of slides word for word. One time we had a Lab in Java (which most students didn’t even take a class for) so she tried to help us with a guide. It was copied ENTIRELY FROM CHATGPT. Like screenshots. And it wasn’t even done right, so I had to do my own version of the assignment. I got a 100 but this class is so unorganized.
And this one isn’t her fault but the TAs came 15 minutes late on exam day. And on another lab day they came more than half an hour late. I left as soon as I finished so they didn’t get to take my attendance.
On another lab day there were no instructions. She didn’t come so we had to ask the TA why there were no instructions and she didn’t know. Everyone complained because the due date was 2:30 so she had to change it to 11:59 PM.
Overall, this class sucks. And she’s pretty much the worst professor I’ve ever had. The only reason I chose her was because the other option was 8:00 AM and my commute is long. The labs are basically undoable without using google or chat, because most students never took a Java class at this school, but the labs expect us to know Java already. Her rate my professor reviews are trash.
DONT TAKE HER

i believe she also taught intro to cs. also my worst professor

I wonder if you were in my class for her last sem too lol. Everyone in my group wanted to present for demo day for the extra credit but she never told us the date and didn’t let us make up for it

I wasn’t, this is my first time taking her but smh. That sucks. This is going to be my first time writing a bad review

Rondel for Theoretical foundations of cs, and I had Roya as my lab instructor for that course too lol

Rondel was actually terrible lol. But he was just an overworked PHD student they forced to teach

