How is the computer science program
Im a senior in high school and debating between gsu or ksu to major in cs. I plan on transferring to GT but just want to know if the cs program any good if I happen to stay there

The CS program is definitely not as bad as everyone makes it out to be. If it sucks so bad why are you guys all failing at the easiest shit? Lmao most of the people that go here give no fucks and literally don’t try.
I’ve watched you CS majors literally never show up to class, don’t go to office hours, don’t study until the night before a test and even then just memorize the information. I’ve literally left study sessions because I’d ask “but why?” And everyone goes “well idk” and that’s it.
Also, they’ll complain about GSU not being “prestigious” or “rigorous” enough to brag about, but the moment they come across an actually solid professor with fair examinations, they’ll bitch and moan about how mean they are.
Then these lazy fucks blame GSU for them not getting an internship when they graduated with nothing but a calculator app to their name.
Literally all it comes down to is this: are you a good student? Do you actually give a fuck about your classes? Do you study? Do you care about learning and not just passing?
If you answered yes, congrats. You’d do well anywhere. In fact, you’ll be a better student than like 60% of the arrogant, ungrateful CS majors that go here.
But for real, the professors get better as you get to higher level courses, in my experience. And I’ve gotten so many CS research opportunities and experience just from asking and giving a shit and going to office hours and generally being a respectful student.
Personally, I’m really glad I chose GSU.

this is a great insight into what cs is like at gsu. i definitely had the same experience. you definitely get out what you put in with gsu. i personally had a great experience and work as a swe now and i never have felt unprepared or lacking compared to my coworkers who went to more prestigious cs programs

Absolutely true! I am a third year CS major and everything you have said is 100% facts. Though I would add that the program might seem pretty stupid at first with 1301, 1302, and Data Structure in Python(THERE ARE NO DATA STRUCTURES IN PYTHON), but then it picks up with System-level and Computer Org.

The crazy thing is that a lot of the students who fit that criteria are always talking about transferring to Georgia Tech or other schools with prestigious CS programs as if it won’t be more rigorous than GSU 😂

Everything this person said about students and the program is true. Every person I know who actually put in the work and got internships got a good paying job right after graduation with top corps. I'm talking EY, StateFarm, home depot, NCR, Microsoft..etc. Some went to smaller shops but those paid well too.
What a lot of students didnt do too, is use career services and go to networking and career fair events. That's how you get your foot in the door for internships and jobs. Career services helped me write a good resume and then I got an interview with almost every company I talked with at a career fair.
Also dont cheat guys. Especially in your coding classes. I know it's easier now with the AI stuff but it's not worth it. You may get away with it on take home interview stuff. But you won't know what to do during onsite white boarding interviews which companies are still doing.

You went in, but told no lies. OP no matter where you go getting an internship & job will require you to put in work outside of school. I'm a CS major and I like the program. GSU has plenty of career fairs and opportunities available but it's up to you what you do with those resources.
Another thing that's important to consider: GSU is downtown and there are more homeless people around. The campus is not closed off so it crosses paths with the BS that goes on downtown (crime). I'm mentioning this because a lot of students complain about it. I love GSU but if you don't like urban environments you may want to consider your other choices.

It’s pretty decent to be honest. Professors are good and the course material is actually very practical for the part. I barely had to deal with bullshit theory based courses. Ofc GT is better. But tons of people turned out okay. From my experience more people get better jobs out of GSU than KSU. I see all this hype about KSU, but I find so many of their grads pining for jobs on LinkedIn. GSU being downtown really helps for recruiting.

I graduated from the CS program at GSU with a shit GPA (I’m one of the lazy students other commenters have mentioned) and got a good job straight out of school. My brother was in the KSU program and switched his major, and on the other hand I also have a friend who graduated from GT and hasn’t landed a job yet nearly a year later. GSU got some really good teachers in my last year, and as others have said any of these programs are what you make them. Do your homework, go to office hours when you need to, visit career fairs, and remember you’re there to learn, not get good grades. You’ll do just fine no matter where you go.

Do it GSU the program is very competitive and top 3 in the state.

I thought it was decent. I got my CS degree from GSU, and actually got the interview for the software engineering job that it still have today (6 years later) when I dropped by the career fair there as a senior. If you study and take your classes seriously, you’ll do well. That said, I have no idea what KSU’s CS program is like. I’ve never met anyone who got their CS degree there as far as I know.

At the end of the day, unless ur at a T10 for CS, school usually doesn’t matter as much. Focus on getting internships, research, and doing projects.
I’m currently a CS major here at GSU but I have yet to take any major courses here. All I can say is GSU is ranked higher than KSU with CS.
In GA, GSU is ranked 4th and KSU 5th. Nationwide, GSU is #147 and KSU is #161. For any other information about it, check what other people are saying here.
But one advantage I will note, GSU is here in Atlanta, it’s easier to get a job with these bigger companies cause ur almost literally next door.